
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017249                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17248985000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               16278151479500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              121620005                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122348922                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1598030114                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               17227248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312749944                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1320621136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker         4976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.inst       395968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.data       556480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            957616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::detailed_cpu.inst       395968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       395968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       508224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         508232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::detailed_cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::detailed_cpu.inst         6187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::detailed_cpu.data         8695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              15052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         7941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       288481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::detailed_cpu.itb.walker        11131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::detailed_cpu.inst     22956017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::detailed_cpu.data     32261608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             55517238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::detailed_cpu.inst     22956017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        22956017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       29463995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker          464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            29464458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       29463995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       288945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::detailed_cpu.itb.walker        11131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::detailed_cpu.inst     22956017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::detailed_cpu.data     32261608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            84981696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      15052                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    15052                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                957888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   5440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 506496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 957616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              508232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    85                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  17034074000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                  102                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                14950                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7941                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  14967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   447.140153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   268.921314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   390.633654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          803     24.52%     24.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          771     23.54%     48.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          262      8.00%     56.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          160      4.89%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      3.97%     64.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          219      6.69%     71.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      1.34%     72.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      1.37%     74.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          841     25.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     66.582822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   393.079089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          158     96.93%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.61%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.61%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.23%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     48.552147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    42.255915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    30.061491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           12      7.36%      7.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-27            3      1.84%      9.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            5      3.07%     12.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           76     46.63%     58.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.61%     59.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            2      1.23%     60.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.61%     61.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      1.84%     63.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           48     29.45%     92.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.61%     93.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.61%     93.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.61%     94.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.61%     95.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.61%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            2      1.23%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            2      1.23%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.61%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            1      0.61%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   331490000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              612121250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  74835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    22148.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40898.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       55.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       29.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    55.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    29.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     21.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   12212                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   7394                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                81.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               93.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    740805.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   85.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                13715940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 7290195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               61739580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              21417660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        532278240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           246445770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            27069120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1506548190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      626406720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      2900353440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            5943589065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           344.576163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         16433323000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47962000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    226180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  11702117750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1631268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    337607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3303849500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                 9667560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 5138430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               45124800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              19893420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        384150000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           183403770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            19001760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1151829210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      421729440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      3222228000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            5462283390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           316.672743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         16596555000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32196500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    163160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  13172590000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1098271750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    256812750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2525954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.itb.walker         5312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.inst       258304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::detailed_cpu.data      1541824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1820160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::detailed_cpu.inst       258304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       258304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       298048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         298048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::detailed_cpu.itb.walker           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::detailed_cpu.inst         4036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::detailed_cpu.data        24091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              28440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         4657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       853384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::detailed_cpu.itb.walker       307960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::detailed_cpu.inst     14975026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::detailed_cpu.data     89386361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            105522731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::detailed_cpu.inst     14975026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        14975026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       17279162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            17279162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       17279162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       853384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::detailed_cpu.itb.walker       307960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::detailed_cpu.inst     14975026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::detailed_cpu.data     89386361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           122801892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      28440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      4657                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    28440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    4657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1817600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 296896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1820160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              298048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  17034065500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                28440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                4657                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         7756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   272.627127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   158.520954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   312.024616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3352     43.22%     43.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1914     24.68%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          625      8.06%     75.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          342      4.41%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          235      3.03%     83.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          297      3.83%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          133      1.71%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      1.10%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          773      9.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         7756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    104.411765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   679.807314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          269     98.90%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.37%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.37%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.055147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.022376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.062915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             132     48.53%     48.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      1.47%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             127     46.69%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               8      2.94%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   628280750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1160780750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 142000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    22122.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40872.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      105.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       17.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   105.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    17.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     20.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22245                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   3038                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    514670.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                30980460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                16466505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              109291980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              16108920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        845130000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           463410000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            39169440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     2518839690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      992175360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      2038622100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7070588685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           409.913319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         15921892000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     61701750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    358778000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   8021676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2583822750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    699326250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5523680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                24397380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                12967515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               93484020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               8106660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        837139680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           427485750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            39974400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     2430831120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     1020962880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      2092678620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            6988353825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           405.145800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         15992656750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     66954250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    355488000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   8217150750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2658754500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    619900750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5330736750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    17248985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.numVMExits                               0                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu.numVMHalfEntries                         0                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu.numExitSignal                            0                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu.numMMIO                                  0                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu.numCoalescedMMIO                         0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu.numIO                                    0                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu.numHalt                                  0                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu.numInterrupts                            0                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu.numHypercalls                            0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             65992                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           992.981539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             3115635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             65992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             47.212314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      16262315870500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::detailed_cpu.data   992.981539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::detailed_cpu.data     0.969709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           6550844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          6550844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::detailed_cpu.data      1835268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1835268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::detailed_cpu.data      1338764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1338764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::detailed_cpu.data          524                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           524                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::detailed_cpu.data      3174032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          3174032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::detailed_cpu.data      3174556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         3174556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::detailed_cpu.data        37508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         37508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::detailed_cpu.data        25405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::detailed_cpu.data         4427                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4427                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::detailed_cpu.data        62913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          62913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::detailed_cpu.data        67340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         67340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   1717710998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1717710998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   1444697480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1444697480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   3162408478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3162408478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   3162408478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3162408478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::detailed_cpu.data      1872776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::detailed_cpu.data      1364169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1364169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::detailed_cpu.data         4951                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4951                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::detailed_cpu.data      3236945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3236945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::detailed_cpu.data      3241896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3241896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.020028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.018623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.894163                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.894163                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.019436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.020772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 45795.856831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45795.856831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 56866.659319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56866.659319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 50266.375439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50266.375439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 46961.812860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46961.812860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                74                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    99.229730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        41916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             41916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.data           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.data        37506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.data        25342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        25342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.data         4427                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.data        62848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.data        67275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::detailed_cpu.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::detailed_cpu.data         1876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::detailed_cpu.data         6223                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6223                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   1679767998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1679767998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   1414508480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414508480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data    280508000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280508000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   3094276478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3094276478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data   3374784478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3374784478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.data   1040247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1040247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.data   1040247000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1040247000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.020027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.894163                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894163                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.019416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.data     0.020752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 44786.647416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44786.647416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 55816.765843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55816.765843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 63362.999774                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63362.999774                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 49234.287137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49234.287137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.data 50164.020483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50164.020483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.data 239302.277433                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 239302.277433                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.data 167161.658364                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167161.658364                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        70185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.959439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       153725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        70185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     2.190283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 16260973750500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker    15.959439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.997465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       518488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       518488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       153686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       153686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           51                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       153737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       153737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       153737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       153737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker        70315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker        70363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker        70363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker    881183500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    881183500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker    881377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    881377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker    881377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    881377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       224001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       224001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           99                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       224100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       224100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       224100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       224100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.313905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.313905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.484848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.484848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.313980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.313980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.313980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.313980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 12531.941975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12531.941975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker  4041.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4041.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 12526.150107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12526.150107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 12526.150107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12526.150107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_hits::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker        70288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker        70320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker        70320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker          103                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          103                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker    810805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker    810910500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    810910500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker    810910500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    810910500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     31168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     31168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     31168500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     31168500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.313784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.323232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.313788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker     0.313788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 11535.475472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11535.475472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker  3281.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3281.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 11531.719283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11531.719283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 11531.719283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11531.719283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 305573.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 305573.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::detailed_cpu.dtb.walker 302606.796117                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 302606.796117                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             63875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.571531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             5970547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             63875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             93.472360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      16261912599500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::detailed_cpu.inst   508.571531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::detailed_cpu.inst     0.993304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          12189057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         12189057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 16278151479500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::detailed_cpu.inst      5997948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         5997948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::detailed_cpu.inst      5997948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          5997948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::detailed_cpu.inst      5997948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         5997948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::detailed_cpu.inst        64387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         64387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::detailed_cpu.inst        64387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          64387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::detailed_cpu.inst        64387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         64387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.inst   1736661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1736661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.inst   1736661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1736661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.inst   1736661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1736661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::detailed_cpu.inst      6062335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6062335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::detailed_cpu.inst      6062335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      6062335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::detailed_cpu.inst      6062335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      6062335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.inst     0.010621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.inst     0.010621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::detailed_cpu.inst     0.010621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.inst 26972.230419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26972.230419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.inst 26972.230419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26972.230419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::detailed_cpu.inst 26972.230419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26972.230419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        63875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             63875                       # number of writebacks
